Update schema object names (#3212)
pingcap/docs: schema-object-names.md

---
title: Schema Object Names
summary: Introduce schema object names in TiDB SQL statements.
aliases: ['/docs/dev/schema-object-names/','/docs/dev/reference/sql/language-structure/schema-object-names/']
---

# Schema Object Names

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD038 -->

> This article introduces schema object names in TiDB SQL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document introduces schema object names in TiDB SQL statements.
```

> Schema object names are used to name all schema objects in TiDB, including database, table, index, column, alias, etc. You can quote these objects by identifiers in SQL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schema object names are used to name all schema objects in TiDB, including database, table, index, column, alias, and so on. You can quote these objects using identifiers in SQL statements.
```

> You can use the backtick to enclose the identifier, ie `SELECT * FROM t` can also be written as`` SELECT * FROM `t` ``. But if there is at least one special character in the identifier, or it is a reserved keyword, it must be enclosed in the backtick to refer to the schema object it represents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use backticks to enclose the identifier. For example, `SELECT * FROM t` can also be written as `` SELECT * FROM `t` ``. But if the identifier includes one or more special characters or is a reserved keyword, it must be enclosed in backticks to quote the schema object it represents.
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: It seems that you missed some changes here.
```suggestion
{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
```

> mysql> SELECT * FROM `table` WHERE `table`.id = 20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT * FROM `table` WHERE `table`.id = 20;
```

```

> If you set `ANSI_QUOTES` in SQL MODE, TiDB will recognize the string enclosed in double quotes `"` as identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `ANSI_QUOTES` in SQL MODE, TiDB will recognize the string enclosed in double quotation marks `"` as an identifier.
```
